---
title: Teaching Programs
language: en
layout: dropdown
---


# Doctoral Program

The ISI Delhi Stat-Math Unit runs a full-fledged doctoral program in
Mathematics and Statistics. For details of the program, see here.

## Admission

A written Junior Research Fellow (JRF) selection test is conducted in
May of each year by ISI for all Ph.D. aspirants, followed by an
interview. This is mandatory for those requiring financial support
from the Institute. We also welcome students who have UGC/CSIR NET,
NBHM, or equivalent fellowships. A written test followed by an
interview, held in June each year, is mandatory for such
candidates. For further details, write to the respective contact.

# Masters Program

The ISI Delhi Stat-Math Unit is actively involved in teaching the
Master of Statistics (M.Stat) program. A detailed description of the
M.Stat. program can be found in the brochure. Delhi currently offers
the first year of M.Stat NB-stream course, and certain specializations
in the second year, depending on interest and availability of
resources.

## Admission

Students with a 3-year Bachelor's degree with Statistics as a subject
are eligible to apply for the M.Stat. NB-stream program. Selection of
students is based on past academic record, and performance in entrance
tests and in an interview. Information regarding the admission process
is advertised in major Indian newspapers and on our website in
February of each year. The entrance tests are held in May, and
interviews are usually held in June. New sessions start in late July.

Sample question papers with syllabus can be found here.

## Hostel Facilities and Scholarships

Hostel accommodation is given on a merit-cum-need basis subject to
availability. At the current time, hostel accommodation is available
to all admitted students. A stipend is offered to all admitted
students (currently Rs 5000 per month). The stipend is valid initially
for the first semester. The amount of stipend for subsequent semesters
depends on academic performance and conduct.

More details are available in the yearly prospectus provided to all
applicants.


